I have Claire from Cape Cod Animal
Hospital just wanted to go over some of
our boarding information if you want to
bring your own belongings you can't be a
plenty of belongings here we also have
blankets and toys if you would like to
bring your own food you may there's an
additional fee but our food is included
in the price in the brown and also all
you medication has to be in its original
container
I just wanted to go over that on a 15
minute playtime is included with your
boarding
there also is a package so you can get
three more play times for an additional
fee if you'd like
if you pedos here for seven nights or
more they get a complimentary bath and a
nail trim we all took have spa days if
you'd like to drop your pet off of the
day and have them fluffed and buffed we
also have doggie day care and you can
drop them off of the day any time give
us a call
besides dogs and cats we also reward
hamsters guinea pigs ferrets and rabbits
if you'd like more information give us
all five oh eight four two eight six
three nine three also you can visit our
website at Cape Cod Animal Hospital calm
our hours are Monday through Saturday in
a thought till five we are a
full-service veterinary facility with
all total surgery unit give us a call if
you'd like more information please 508
426 393 Thanks